Add documentation part about custom serializers (#39)
caniko/pydantic-numpy: README.md

equals_cfg = model_agnostic_load("path_to_dump_dir", "object_id", models=[MyNumpyModel, MyDemoModel])
```

### Custom serialization

> If you're not happy with default `NumpyDataDict` serialization, as defined in [typing.py](./pydantic_numpy/helper/typing.py), you could define your own type with custom serializer using `NpArrayPydanticAnnotation.factory`
> and its `serialize_numpy_array_to_json` argument taking `Callable[[npt.ArrayLike], Iterable]`.

Reviewer: Maybe something like this?

```suggestion
If the default serialization of NumpyDataDict, as outlined in [typing.py](https://chat.openai.com/c/pydantic_numpy/helper/typing.py), doesn't meet your requirements, you have the option to define a custom type with its own serializer. This can be achieved using the NpArrayPydanticAnnotation.factory method, which accepts a custom serialization function through its serialize_numpy_array_to_json parameter. This parameter expects a function of the form Callable[[npt.ArrayLike], Iterable], allowing you to tailor the serialization process to your specific needs.
```

Reviewer 2: Yes, that's the better wording, fixed it!

P.S. Wondering how did `chat.openai.com` ended up in your example url? 1st of April? :)

Reviewer: No comment :laughing:
